DOC-2411: List with start attribute separated by  tags resulted in wrong numbering of the lists. (#3299)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/7.1.1-release-notes.adoc

The following premium plugin updates were released alongside {productname} {release-version}.

=== PowerPaste

The {productname} {release-version} release includes an accompanying release of the **PowerPaste** premium plugin.

**PowerPaste** includes the following fix.

> ==== List with start attribute separated by `p` tags resulted in wrong numbering of the lists.

Reviewer: Please improve this heading

Author: ```suggestion
==== A list with the start attribute, separated by `p` tags, resulted in incorrect numbering of lists.
```

Author: @tiny-ben-tran See sugested improvement.

// TINY-10585

> Previously, when content from Microsoft Word contained a list that starts with a number grater than 1, and is pasted into the editor with `powerpaste` enabled, it caused all list items to display the same number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when content from Microsoft Word contained a list that starts with a number greater than 1, and is pasted into the editor with `powerpaste` enabled, it caused all list items to display the same number.
```
